Full featured property based Animation System (#1429)
bevyengine/bevy: examples/README.md

`wireframe` | [`3d/wireframe.rs`](./3d/wireframe.rs) | Showcases wireframe rendering
`z_sort_debug` | [`3d/z_sort_debug.rs`](./3d/z_sort_debug.rs) | Visualizes camera Z-ordering

## Animations

Example | File | Description
--- | --- | ---

> `run_animation` | [`animations/run_animation.rs`](./animations/run_animation.rs) | Demonstrates how to play and blending between a idle and run animations
> [//]: # (`mesh_swap_animation` | [`animations/mesh_swap_animation.rs`](./animations/mesh_swap_animation.rs) | Demonstrates hot to create your own animation clip that swaps meshes (or any other asset handle))
> [//]: # (`material_animation` | [`animations/material_animation.rs`](./animations/material_animation.rs) | Illustrate how to animate material properties (or any other asset property))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`run_animation` | [`animations/run_animation.rs`](./animations/run_animation.rs) | Demonstrates how to play, and blend between, an idle animation and a run animation
[//]: # (`mesh_swap_animation` | [`animations/mesh_swap_animation.rs`](./animations/mesh_swap_animation.rs) | Demonstrates how to create your own animation clip that swaps meshes (or any other asset handle))
[//]: # (`material_animation` | [`animations/material_animation.rs`](./animations/material_animation.rs) | Illustrates how to animate material properties (or any other asset property))
```
